Wording changes to improve clarity. (#66045)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/set-up-for-high-availability.md

# Set up Grafana for high availability

> By default, Grafana uses an embedded sqlite3 database to store users, dashboards, and other persistent data. To set Grafana up for high availability a shared database is required to store this data. This shared database can be either MySQL or Postgres.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana uses an embedded sqlite3 database to store users, dashboards, and other persistent data by default. For high availability, you must use a shared database to store this data. This shared database can be either MySQL or Postgres.
```

<div class="text-center">
  <img src="/static/img/docs/tutorials/grafana-high-availability.png"  max-width= "800px" class="center" />
</div>

> ## Pre-requisite Setup 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Before you begin 
```

Before you complete the following tasks, configure a MySQL or Postgres database to be highly available. Configuring the MySQL or Postgres database for high availability is out of the scope of this guide, but you can find instructions online for each database.

## Configure multiple Grafana servers to use the same database

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> In order to proceed with setting up Grafana for high availability you will need to first configure a MySQL or Postgres database. It is recommended that this database be configured to be highly available. Configuring the database itself for high availability is out of scope for this guide, but instructions can be found online for each database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Once you have either a Postgres or MySQL database available, you can now configure your multiple Grafana instances to use a shared backend database. Grafana has default and custom configuration files and you can update the database settings by updating your custom configuration file as described in the [[database]]({{< relref "configure-grafana/#database" >}}) section of the Grafana configuration. Once configured to use a shared database, your multiple Grafana instances will now persist all long term data in that database. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have a Postgres or MySQL database available, you can configure your multiple Grafana instances to use a shared backend database. Grafana has default and custom configuration files, and you can update the database settings by updating your custom configuration file as described in the [[database]]({{< relref "configure-grafana/#database" >}}). Once configured to use a shared database, your multiple Grafana instances will persist all long-term data in that database.
```

# Set up Grafana for high availability

Grafana uses an embedded sqlite3 database to store users, dashboards, and other persistent data by default. For high availability, you must use a shared database to store this data. This shared database can be either MySQL or Postgres.

<div class="text-center">
  <img src="/static/img/docs/tutorials/grafana-high-availability.png"  max-width= "800px" class="center" />
</div>

## Before you begin 

Before you complete the following tasks, configure a MySQL or Postgres database to be highly available. Configuring the MySQL or Postgres database for high availability is out of the scope of this guide, but you can find instructions online for each database.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
